
critical and important
Amazon Associates
SiteStripe
Get Link:
Text Image Text+Image Native Shopping Ads (New)
Custom Share:
Earnings Help
  Tried the foreign bank direct deposit yet?  Learn more Skip to main content
 EN   Hello, RajeshAccount & Lists Not Rajesh? Sign Out OrdersPrime Cart 0
Electronics

Go
Search 
Deliver to RajeshTulsa 74134‌

Browsing HistoryToday's DealsRajesh's Amazon.comBuy AgainGift CardsHelpCredit CardsWhole FoodsRegistrySellDisability Customer Support
Home Audio & Theater Premium Audio Headphones Home Theater Systems Speakers Wireless Audio Stereo System Components Accessories Deals
Cart0
 
Electronics › Headphones › Earbud Headphones
$29.99
FREE delivery: Wednesday 
Order within 8 hrs 46 mins Details
Select delivery location
In Stock.
Qty:
Qty:1
Add to Cart
Buy Now
Sold by Linklike Audio and Fulfilled by Amazon.
 Add gift options
Add to List
 Add to Baby Registry
Add to your Dash Buttons
Share    
Other Sellers on Amazon
New (1) from $29.99 
Have one to sell?
Sell on Amazon

Ad feedback 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Linklike Quad Drivers Bluetooth 5.0 Sport Headphones, 16 Hours Playtime, IPX7 Waterproof, HiFi Sound, Noise Isolating, Lightweight Wireless Workout Earphones with Microphone, Earbuds for Running, B/R
Roll over image to zoom in
Linklike Quad Drivers Bluetooth 5.0 Sport Headphones, 16 Hours Playtime, IPX7 Waterproof, HiFi Sound, Noise Isolating, Lightweight Wireless Workout Earphones with Microphone, Earbuds for Running, B/R
by Linklike
4.7 out of 5 stars    112 ratings  | 24 answered questions
Price:	$29.99 
Coupon
Save an extra 5% when you apply this coupon.  Details
Pay $29.99 $14.46 after using available Amazon Rewards Visa Card Points.
Color: Black/Red
🎵[QUAD Drivers Technology] Each earbud has dual dynamic driver units. Four drivers in total combining with PU+PEEK composite diaphragm design deliver better low-frequency performance, clear vocals, and Hi-Res high-frequency up to 40Khz. These sport headphones esnure you enjoy HiFi music during workout or commute
🎵[16 Hours Playtime] 250 mAh battery capacity provides up to 16 hours non-stop playback, one full charge supports up to 7 days of use if you use the earphones for 2-3 hours a day and listen to music at 30%-50% volume. Let the music accompanies you when exercising in the gym, running, jogging or hiking
🎵[IPX7 Waterproof and Snug-fit] These earphones are IPX7 waterproof. Get protection against sweat and light rain when working out. Do not use for swimming and showering. Ergonomic fit 120° angle and multiple ear tips solutions ensure these in-ear earbuds are 100% secure when jogging, biking, exercising at your maximum performance
🎵[Noise Isolating and HD Calls ] The provided ear tips, especially the memory foam ear tips are specially designed to give a secure fit for the purest sound and maximum isolation from external noise. The built-in MEMS noise-cancelling microphone eliminates background noise and delivers clear sound to the other end when making calls
🎵[Contact us] You got a one-year warranty. ***Contact us if you have questions regarding pairing, connection, charging, fit, sound quality or other issues. Link to contact: https://www.amazon.com/ss/help/contact/writeMessage?writeButton=Submit&subject=5&orderID=&sellerID=AHGO42D84CZKE&asin=&marketplaceID=ATVPDKIKX0DER&language=en_US
Compare with similar items
New (1) from $29.99 
 Report incorrect product information.

Ad feedback 
Frequently bought together
Linklike Quad Drivers Bluetooth 5.0 Sport Headphones, 16 Hours Playtime, IPX7 Waterproof, HiFi Sound, Noise Isolating, Lightweight Wireless Workout Earphones with Microphone, Earbuds for Running, B/R
+
Boltune Wireless Headphones, Bluetooth 5.0 IPX7 Waterproof 16 Hours Playtime Bluetooth Headphones, with Magnetic Connection, Sports Earphones for Running Built-in Mic
+
Bluetooth 5.0 Wireless Headphones - 6D Sound Effect - Up to 28 Hours Per Charge, High-End Premium Deep Bass, IPX5 Waterproof Sport in-Ear Earphones - Neckband for Running and Workouts w/ Built-In Mic
Total price: $102.93
Add all three to Cart
Add all three to List
 Buy the selected items together

This item:Linklike Quad Drivers Bluetooth 5.0 Sport Headphones, 16 Hours Playtime, IPX7 Waterproof, HiFi Sound… $29.99

Boltune Wireless Headphones, Bluetooth 5.0 IPX7 Waterproof 16 Hours Playtime Bluetooth Headphones… $27.99

Bluetooth 5.0 Wireless Headphones - 6D Sound Effect - Up to 28 Hours Per Charge, High-End Premium… $44.95
Sponsored products related to this item
Page 1 of 178Page 1 of 178
Previous page of related Sponsored Products
 Bluetooth Headphones, Letsfit Wireless Headphones Bluetooth 5.0 HD Stereo Sound Wireless Earbuds w/Mic, 12 Hours Playtime Noise Cancelling Magnetic Design Workout Headphones for Sports, Gym, Running
Bluetooth Headphones, Letsfit Wireless Headphones Bluetooth 5.0 HD Stereo Sound Wir...
 363
$19.99 
 Wireless Bluetooth Headphones, Wireless Sports Earphones,with Mic IPX5 Waterproof HD Stereo Sweatproof Earbuds,Gym Running Workout Noise Cancelling Headsets(X5-Black) …
Wireless Bluetooth Headphones, Wireless Sports Earphones,with Mic IPX5 Waterproof H...
 402
$26.98 
 Bose SoundSport Free, True Wireless Sport Headphones, (Sweatproof Bluetooth Headphones for Workouts), Black
Bose SoundSport Free, True Wireless Sport Headphones, (Sweatproof Bluetooth Headpho...
 3,397
$199.00 
 Mpow DS6 Bluetooth Headphones Sport, Sport Wireless Headphones w/BT 5.0/Bass/2 EQ, IPX6 Waterproof Stereo Headphones, 9 Hrs Playtime, Wireless Earbuds for Running w/CVC6.0 Noise Canceling Mic,Black
Mpow DS6 Bluetooth Headphones Sport, Sport Wireless Headphones w/BT 5.0/Bass/2 EQ, ...
 51
$25.99 
 Diginex Bluetooth Earbuds Wireless Magnetic Headset Sport Earphones for Running IPX7 Waterproof Headphones 9 Hours Playtime High Fidelity Stereo Sound and Noise Cancelling Mic 1 Hour Recharge Black
Diginex Bluetooth Earbuds Wireless Magnetic Headset Sport Earphones for Running IPX...
 1,910
$49.95 
 Canto by Carlos Santana Performance Wireless Headphones, IPX5 Waterproof Sweat Proof Bluetooth 5.0 Headphones with 7 HRS Playtime, Magnetic Ends, Sport Earphones with Mic for Workout, Running, Gym
Canto by Carlos Santana Performance Wireless Headphones, IPX5 Waterproof Sweat Proo...
$29.95 
Next page of related Sponsored Products
Ad feedback
What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?
 Boltune Wireless Headphones, Bluetooth 5.0 IPX7 Waterproof 16 Hours Playtime Bluetooth Headphones, with Magnetic Connection, Sports Earphones for Running Built-in Mic
Boltune Wireless Headphones, Bluetooth 5.0 IPX7 Waterproof 16 Hours Playtime Bluetooth Headphones, with Magnetic Connection, Sports Earphones for Running Built-in Mic
4.4 out of 5 stars 1,850
$27.99 
 Bluetooth 5.0 Wireless Headphones - 6D Sound Effect - Up to 28 Hours Per Charge, High-End Premium Deep Bass, IPX5 Waterproof Sport in-Ear Earphones - Neckband for Running and Workouts w/ Built-In Mic
Bluetooth 5.0 Wireless Headphones - 6D Sound Effect - Up to 28 Hours Per Charge, High-End Premium Deep Bass, IPX5 Waterproof Sport in-Ear Earphones - Neckband for Running and Workouts w/ Built-In Mic
4.3 out of 5 stars 489
$44.95 
 LETSCOM Bluetooth Headphones IPX7 Waterproof, Wireless Sport Earphones, HiFi Bass Stereo Sweatproof Earbuds w/Mic, Noise Cancelling Headset for Workout, Running, Gym, 8 Hours Play Time
LETSCOM Bluetooth Headphones IPX7 Waterproof, Wireless Sport Earphones, HiFi Bass Stereo Sweatproof Earbuds w/Mic, Noise Cancelling Headset for Workout, Running, Gym, 8 Hours Play Time
4.3 out of 5 stars 11,673
$19.98 
 Linklike Stylish Bluetooth 5.0 Earbuds Sport Headphones, Hi-Fi 10mm Drivers, Foldable Neckband, Lightweight Earphones w/Noise Canceling Mic, IPX7 Nano Coating Reinforced Waterproof, Earhooks (Black)
Linklike Stylish Bluetooth 5.0 Earbuds Sport Headphones, Hi-Fi 10mm Drivers, Foldable Neckband, Lightweight Earphones w/Noise Canceling Mic, IPX7 Nano Coating Reinforced Waterproof, Earhooks (Black)
5.0 out of 5 stars 65
$19.99 
Have a question?
Find answers in product info, Q&As, reviews

 
Type your question or keyword
Product Description
earphones for workout
 Running earbuds
headphones for gym
Linklike Audio is a new startup that relies on the Internet platform to develop and design Bluetooth headphones independently. Here, a group of young people with passion, dreams and talents are gathered to work for a common cause.

Our products are designed by the top international team, combining with the market-leading technology to provide our users with perfect listening experience.

Saving your ears and awakening the music in your heart is our mission, and we will continue to struggle for it.

Linklike Fly 9 Sport Bluetooth Earphones
Unlike most other earphones have a single driver unit, Linklike Fly 9 Sport Bluetooth Earphones have dual driver units in both earbuds. Four drivers in total to deliver HiFi music performance. Linklike Fly 9 is specially designed for a more joyful workout.

Please do not wear earphones when swimming or taking a shower.

These earphones are specially designed for phones. Button control and microphone features may not work on certain PCs and tablets.

Bluetooth 5.0
Pairing range: ≈ 33ft
Speaker size: 6mm
Playtime: ≈ 16 hours
Standby time: ≈ 480 hours
Charging hours: 3 hours
Battery capacity: 250 Amh
 bluetooth earphones
Waterproof bluetooth earphones
sport earphones with microphone
Built for a delightful workout experience
The latest Bluetooth 5.0 technology ensures an intelligent and stable connection within 33 ft transmission range. Up to 16 hours playtime and 480 hours standby time delight your workout with non-stop music streaming.

Ergonomic Tri-hold structure
As you may know that snug-fit would impact the sound very differently. These sport earphones are ergonomically designed to make contact with three different points on your ear for a secure, comfortable fit.

HD Calls and Easy Button Control
The built-in MEMS noise-cancelling microphone eliminates background noise and delivers clear sound to the other end. Control music/calls and adjust volume through three-button control, free your hands from the phone while doing sport, working or commuting.

 sport earbuds waterproof
Sport bluetooth earphones
earphones for running
Protection Against Sweat and Rain
We have tested in many rainy days. The nano silicone coating protects these earphones from water damage cased by sweat and rain. Enjoy jogging, hiking, and exercising with no more worries about working out on a rainy day.

Lightweight and Magnetic Earbuds
These earphones are specially designed for sports use. Each earbud weights about 3.5g you felt nothing when wearing them to workout. The magnetic attraction offers a convenient solution to carry the earphones with you when not using them.

Reliable and Durable
The kevlar wire and double layers design secure the durability. These sport earphones have passed 10,000 times quality tests to provide you with a long-term reliable use.

 neckband earbuds	 wireless earbuds	 wired earbuds	 wired earphones	 neckband headphones
Click here	Click here	Click here	Click here	Click here
Connection type	Bluetooth 5.0	Bluetooth 5.0	Wired Earphones with Mic	Wired Earphones with Mic	Bluetooth 5.0
Design	Ergonomic In-Ear	Ergonomic In-Ear	Half In-Ear	Half In-Ear	Ergonomic In-Ear
Sound	Quad Drivers Technology + PU+PEEK Composite Diaphragm Design (Better Low-Frequency Performance, Clear Vocals, and Hi-Res High-Frequency up to 40kHz)	Customized Independent Cavity Dynamic Drivers (Purer and Clearer Sound with Richer Details, Suitable for Pop/Electronic Music and Vocals)	Quad Dynamic Drivers + Carbon Fiber Mycelium Diaphragms (Clearly Feel Instrument Sounds and Vocals, Feeling of Being There)	Quad Dynamic Drivers + Carbon Fiber Mycelium Diaphragms (Clearly Feel Instrument Sounds and Vocals, Feeling of Being There)	10mm dynamic drivers with PEEK composite diaphragms (superior sonic detail with crystal clarity, deep, resonant bass and lower distortion)
Features	Secure Fit for Sports/ IPX7 Waterproof/ Premium Battery Life/ Noise Cancellation/ Magnetic Neckband	Secure Fit/ IPX7 Waterproof / Noise Isolation/ Magnetic Charging	Ergonomic Fit/ Deep Bass/ MEMS Mic/ High Durability	Ergonomic Fit/ Deep Bass/ MEMS Mic/ High Durability	Fashionable Style/ Ergonomic Fit for Sports/ cVc Noise Canceling Mic/ Flexible Neckband/ Nano Coating Reinforced Sweatproof
Compare with similar items

Linklike Quad Drivers Bluetooth 5.0 Sport Headphones, 16 Hours Playtime, IPX7 Waterproof, HiFi Sound, Noise Isolating, Lightweight Wireless Workout Earphones with Microphone, Earbuds for Running, B/R
This item Linklike Quad Drivers Bluetooth 5.0 Sport Headphones, 16 Hours Playtime, IPX7 Waterproof, HiFi Sound, Noise Isolating, Lightweight Wireless Workout Earphones with Microphone, Earbuds for Running, B/R
 
Bluetooth 5.0 Wireless Headphones - 6D Sound Effect - Up to 28 Hours Per Charge, High-End Premium Deep Bass, IPX5 Waterproof Sport in-Ear Earphones - Neckband for Running and Workouts w/ Built-In Mic
 
Boltune Wireless Headphones, Bluetooth 5.0 IPX7 Waterproof 16 Hours Playtime Bluetooth Headphones, with Magnetic Connection, Sports Earphones for Running Built-in Mic
 
[Upgraded 2020] Sport Bluetooth Headphones w/12+ Hours Battery - Professional Wireless Sport Earphones w/Mic - IPX7 Waterproof Deep Bass Music in-Ear Earbuds for Gym Running Workout for Men, Women
Add to Cart
Add to Cart
Add to Cart
Add to Cart
Customer Rating	5 out of 5 stars (109) 	4 out of 5 stars (489) 	4 out of 5 stars (1850) 	4 out of 5 stars (4455) 
Price	$2999	$4495	$2799	$3495
Shipping				
Sold By	Linklike Audio	The Best Industries	Boltune-US	The Best Industries
Colour	Black/Red	Black	Black	Black
Headphone Fit	In-Ear	In-Ear	In-Ear	In-Ear
Item Dimensions	—	—	12 x 1.2 x 1 in	0.39 x 0.91 x 0.59 in
Item Weight	0.85 ounces	—	0.6 ounces	0.64 ounces
Special Feature	Microphone, sports-and-exercise, Noise-Canceling, wireless, Lightweight, Noise-Isolating, water-resistant	Microphone, sports-and-exercise, wireless, water-resistant	Microphone, wireless	wireless
Product information
Color:Black/Red
Package Dimensions	7 x 6.3 x 1.2 inches
Item Weight	0.8 ounces
Shipping Weight	6.4 ounces (View shipping rates and policies)
Manufacturer	Linklike
ASIN	B07TS5SGLD
Batteries	2 Lithium Polymer batteries required. (included)
Customer Reviews	4.7 out of 5 stars    112 ratings  
4.7 out of 5 stars
Best Sellers Rank	#3,183 in Cell Phones & Accessories (See Top 100 in Cell Phones & Accessories) 
#295 in Earbud & In-Ear Headphones 
Date first listed on Amazon	July 1, 2019
Technical Specification
User Manual [pdf ]
Warranty & Support
Product Warranty: For warranty information about this product, please click here
Feedback
If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support?
Would you like to tell us about a lower price?
Videos
Videos for this product
0:25
Great fit with multiple tips
Jacque Butterfield
Videos for related products
7:29
Best Earbuds and In-Ears Under $200 Of 2018 - RTINGS.com
RTINGS.com
11:56
Bose SoundSport Free vs Beoplay E8 - Rtings.com
RTINGS.com
3:31
Sonic showdown! Sennheiser Momentum True Wireless vs. Master and Dynamic MW07
Digital Trends
5:28
TSMusic Protein True Wireless Stereo Headphones
Amazon Seller
9:07
Clever Bright 3 In 1 Wireless Earbuds
Seller Videos
8:04
Basic information you need to know before purchase (Simolio Digital Wireless TV Headsets SM-823D)
Seller Videos
7:39
Basic information you need to know before purchase (Simolio Analog Wireless TV Headphone SM-823)
Seller Videos
5:59
Senso ActivBuds S250 Durable Wireless Bluetooth Headphones
Amazon Seller
7:25
Senso ActivBuds S255 Wireless Bluetooth Headphones with Noise Suppression and Adjustable Earhooks
Seller Videos
Upload your video
Sponsored products related to this item
 EXFIT BCS-100 Wireless Bluetooth Headphones, Waterproof and Sweatproof, Siri and Google Assistant Compatible, 14 Hour Battery (Blue)
EXFIT BCS-100 Wireless Bluetooth Headphones, Waterproof and Sweatproof, Siri and Go...
 42
$36.99 
 
 EXFIT BCS-A1 Wireless Bluetooth Headphones, Fast Charging, Retractable Earbuds, Splash and Sweat Resistant, Siri and Google Assistant Compatible, Carry Pouch (Blue)
EXFIT BCS-A1 Wireless Bluetooth Headphones, Fast Charging, Retractable Earbuds, Spl...
 59
$64.99 
 
 EXFIT BCS-700 Wireless Bluetooth Headphones, Retractable Earbuds, Splash and Sweat Resistant, Siri and Google Assistant Compatible, Auto Answer on Earbud Pull (Blue)
EXFIT BCS-700 Wireless Bluetooth Headphones, Retractable Earbuds, Splash and Sweat ...
 194
$59.99 
 
 EXFIT BCS-200 Wireless Bluetooth Headphones, Retractable Earbuds, Splash and Sweat Resistant, Siri and Google Assistant Compatible, 15 Hour Battery (Silver)
EXFIT BCS-200 Wireless Bluetooth Headphones, Retractable Earbuds, Splash and Sweat ...
 63
$49.99 
 
 Bluetooth Headphones, Letsfit Wireless Headphones IPX7 Waterproof 15-Hour Playtime, Noise Cancelling HiFi Stereo Headset, Wireless Running Headphones Bluetooth Earbuds for Sports, Workout, Gym
Bluetooth Headphones, Letsfit Wireless Headphones IPX7 Waterproof 15-Hour…
 286
$21.98 
 
 EXFIT BCS-A10 Wireless Bluetooth Headphones, Retractable Earbuds, Splash and Sweat Resistant, Siri and Google Assistant Compatible, Carry Pouch, 10 Hour Battery (Blue)
EXFIT BCS-A10 Wireless Bluetooth Headphones, Retractable Earbuds, Splash and Sweat ...
 30
$49.99 
 
 Bluetooth Headphones, Letsfit Wireless Headphones Bluetooth 5.0 HD Stereo Sound Wireless Earbuds w/Mic, 12 Hours Playtime Noise Cancelling Magnetic Design Workout Headphones for Sports, Gym, Running
Bluetooth Headphones, Letsfit Wireless Headphones Bluetooth 5.0 HD Stereo Sound Wir...
 363
$19.98 
 
 Mpow Flame2 Bluetooth Headphones Sport, 12Hrs & Bluetooth 5.0 Wireless Sport Earphones, IPX7 Waterproof Running Headphones w/CVC 6.0 Noise Cancelling Mic, Bluetooth Earphones w/Comfort-Slanting,Black
Mpow Flame2 Bluetooth Headphones Sport, 12Hrs & Bluetooth 5.0 Wireless Sport Earpho...
 431
$23.99 
 
 Bluetooth Headphones, Letsfit Wireless Headphones, Bluetooth 5.0 HD Stereo Sound Wireless Earbuds w/Mic, Water Resistant Running Headphones for Sports, Gym, Workout, Magnetic Design
Bluetooth Headphones, Letsfit Wireless Headphones, Bluetooth 5.0 HD Stereo Sound Wi...
 128
$19.89 
 
 Ruckus Discord Bluetooth Earplug Earbuds | OSHA Compliant Wireless Noise Reduction in-Ear Headphones : Isolating Ear Plug Earphones
Ruckus Discord Bluetooth Earplug Earbuds | OSHA Compliant Wireless Noise Reduction ...
 162
$59.95 
Ad feedback
PillPack


Ad feedback 
Customer Questions & Answers
See questions and answers
Customer reviews
4.7 out of 5 stars
4.7 out of 5
112 customer ratings
5 star 	
 90%
4 star 	
 3%
3 star 	
 3%
2 star 	
 3%
1 star 	
 3%
By feature
Battery life
4.84.8
Sound quality
4.74.7
Noise cancellation
4.64.6
Review this product
Share your thoughts with other customers
Write a customer review

Ad feedback 
Customer images
 Customer image  Customer image  Customer image  Customer image
See all customer images
Read reviews that mention
battery life sound quality long time earbuds lasts a long phone calls stay in my ears long battery battery lasts around my neck quality is good noise cancellation outside noise good quality happy with my purchase ear tips wireless headphones every day lightweight great sound
109 customer reviews

Top Reviews
 	Cheyenne wyatt
5.0 out of 5 starsGood bass, good battery life
August 5, 2019
Color: Black/RedVerified Purchase
Pretty good battery life. Easy pairing and the buds are magnet which is kinda cool. Its got pretty good bass too.
review image
16 people found this helpful
Helpful
Comment Report abuse
	Amazon Customer
5.0 out of 5 starsWell balanced sounding earphones along with light, durable and long battery life
July 29, 2019
Color: Black/RedVerified Purchase
I bought this Bluetooth earphones for my daily workout inside and outside. The earphones fit well as I move around during my workout (sprinting, running, exercising etc...). I've tried similar earphones with similar price points in the past. And, the overall sound quality is well balanced from bass, mid to treble all across compared to others. I liked the light weight element of this product for my purpose and liked the sound quality. The battery life went about 16 hours after fully charged which is great. I played fairly loud music. Setting up initially was easy without any issue as you would expect from other BT devices. Mic seems to be working in good quality as I tested with a call with my friend. Noise cancelling is effective with the provided ear tips. BT range is 33ft which I expect to be little longer as it's BT 5.0, but 33ft is still good for my purpose. This comes with a 1 year warranty so you are worry-free. Overall, this product is an excellent buy if you are looking for a reasonable price with good quality sports earphones!
9 people found this helpful
Helpful
Comment Report abuse
	Roddie
5.0 out of 5 starssuper cool and functional earphones
August 16, 2019
Color: Black/RedVerified Purchase
I bought this for my nephew as he said he loves using his air pods everywhere but really doesn’t want to lose them while running and asks me if I can help him. As a great auntie, what can I do? Say no? Of course not, I immediately did some research and found this pair. I admit that I do like the red and black color combo and the futuristic design remind me that famous pricey big name which my nephew actually likes that brand too. After using for almost 2 weeks, surprisingly he called me and sent me pictures to update the status of earphones. He said the earphones fit well as he moves around during his workout/ exercises or running on the platform to catch his train. He likes the overall sound quality and even feels the bass response is actually better which he believes the earphones sit within his ears better than the originals. He did answer phone calls a couple of times and said the mic is in a good quality. Overall, he really like the earphones as they are great for any activities with a lot of motions, sweat or rain but amazingly stay put, and won’t get lost nowhere and effortlessly rest on your neck.
review image
5 people found this helpful
Helpful
Comment Report abuse
	vdt
5.0 out of 5 starsCompact
August 29, 2019
Color: Black/RedVerified Purchase
On each earbud has dual dynamic driver units and four drivers in total combining with PU+PEEK composite diaphragm design deliver better low-frequency performance, clear vocals, and Hi-Res high-frequency up to 40Khz. These sport headphones esnure you enjoy HiFi music during workout or commute. It can play up to 24 hours non-stop playback, one full charge supports up to 7 days of use if you use the earphones for 2-3 hours a day and listen to music. It will be good for me when exercising in the gym, running, jogging or hiking. Its waterproof and great protection against sweat and light rain when working out for active person like me. The foam ear tips are specially designed to give a secure fit for the purest sound and maximum isolation from external noise…really comfortable. It has a one-year warranty for this price…man, what a bang for your buck.
review image
3 people found this helpful
Helpful
Comment Report abuse
	JX
5.0 out of 5 starsawsome deep bass, good for exercising
August 24, 2019
Color: Black/RedVerified Purchase
I used to wear the true wireless earbud during running and found myself dropping the earbud couple times. This headphone are the better alternative when I'm exercising.

Pros:
Sound quality is very good. Deep bass is well reflected.
Elegant design: most the weight is on the body and sits on the neck. The earbud itself is light so it's comfortable to wear. I can easily take one side off when I need to listen to something (eg, crossing street, or talking to some one).
Great battery life. I haven't charged it for 4 days and still 50% left.

Cons:
Micro usb instead of usb c. And there's only 1 color to choose from.
review imagereview image
3 people found this helpful
Helpful
Comment Report abuse
	Not Mark Twain
5.0 out of 5 starsLong battery life!
September 24, 2019
Color: Black/RedVerified Purchase
Sound quality: good for the price. I mean, it's not a $300 pair of headphones. So for $20, sound is decent, good enough for everyday listening. Bass is strong if you use the right ear tip size to achieve a good seal. Clarity is good too. Sound stage is ok, typical with in ear headphones.
Battery life: this is the highlight for this product. While most wireless BT headphones offer 6-8 hours of listening per charge and require almost daily charge, this one claims up to 24 hours of battery life. I haven't done a stress test, but with my typical listening style (I make a lot of phone calls and listen to a couple hours of music every day), the first full charge of battery lasted around 6 days (I turned them off at night). I was expecting 3 days. So it totally exceeded my expectations.
Others: BT connectivity is stable, never had a drop. Microphone calling quality is good too. It doesn't have noise cancellation, more of a noise isolation. All in all, a good pair of BT headphones with long battery life.
2 people found this helpful
Helpful
Comment Report abuse
	Jelena B
5.0 out of 5 starsThe best buds I owned!
September 25, 2019
Color: Black/RedVerified Purchase
Oh my God!!!! I'm being a little emotional right now, so I’ll try to calm down.... woh... So, I received these headphones today. It was well packed and I felt in loved with it right away. I charged the headphones according to the guide, and it connected to my iPhone right away. But a little later, when I put it in my ears and turned on the recording I listened earlier today, I fell in a pleasure of excitement!!! All day I did listen to a very important for me lecture of someone I respect a lot, and may even say, adore, but only with these earbuds I got a very clear sound, much louder than with the old earbuds I owned (I won’t tell you the brand name just cause I respect that brand). But really!! The sound is just perfect! The buds block outer noises completely! And magnets on the back of the buds keep them stuck together, and very convenient to carry around. And one more thing I just remembered... My ear halls are quite small and it’s hard for me to find buds that comfortably fit them. But these buds are just perfect, as I already said! Woh... still trying to calm down. ;)
PS: there is one thing I want to add. I like the fact, that I could connect 2 devices to these earphones at the same time! It is very convenient to me, because if I watch something on my IPad I can answer the phone if someone is calling, and don’t miss it if I listen to a loud music! :)
review image
3 people found this helpful
Helpful
Comment Report abuse
There are 109 customer reviews and 112 customer ratings.
See all 109 customer reviews
Write a customer review
Set up an Amazon Giveaway
Linklike Quad Drivers Bluetooth 5.0 Sport Headphones, 16 Hours Playtime, IPX7 Waterproof, HiFi Sound, Noise Isolating, Lightweight Wireless Workout Earphones with Microphone, Earbuds for Running, B/R
Amazon Giveaway allows you to run promotional giveaways in order to create buzz, reward your audience, and attract new followers and customers. Learn more about Amazon Giveaway
This item: Linklike Quad Drivers Bluetooth 5.0 Sport Headphones, 16 Hours Playtime, IPX7 Waterproof, HiFi Sound, Noise Isolating, Lightweight Wireless Workout Earphones with Microphone, Earbuds for Running, B/R
Set up a giveaway
 
Customers who viewed this item also viewed
This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.
Boltune Wireless Headphones, Bluetooth 5.0 IPX7 Waterproof 16 Hours Playtime Bluetooth Headphones, with Magnetic Connection, Sports Earphones for Running Built-in Mic
Boltune Wireless Headphones, Bluetooth 5.0 IPX7 Waterproof 16 Hours Playtime…
4.4 out of 5 stars 1,850
$27.99 
Bluetooth 5.0 Wireless Headphones - 6D Sound Effect - Up to 28 Hours Per Charge, High-End Premium Deep Bass, IPX5 Waterproof Sport in-Ear Earphones - Neckband for Running and Workouts w/ Built-In Mic
Bluetooth 5.0 Wireless Headphones - 6D Sound Effect - Up to 28 Hours Per Charge, High-End…
4.3 out of 5 stars 489
$44.95 
Linklike Stylish Bluetooth 5.0 Earbuds Sport Headphones, Hi-Fi 10mm Drivers, Foldable Neckband, Lightweight Earphones w/Noise Canceling Mic, IPX7 Nano Coating Reinforced Waterproof, Earhooks (Black)
Linklike Stylish Bluetooth 5.0 Earbuds Sport Headphones, Hi-Fi 10mm Drivers, Foldable…
5.0 out of 5 stars 65
$19.99 
Wireless Bluetooth Headphones, Wireless Sports Earphones,with Mic IPX5 Waterproof HD Stereo Sweatproof Earbuds,Gym Running Workout Noise Cancelling Headsets(X5-Black) …
Wireless Bluetooth Headphones, Wireless Sports Earphones,with Mic IPX5 Waterproof HD…
4.9 out of 5 stars 402
$26.98 
Bluetooth Headphones 5.0 Wireless Earbuds IPX6 Waterproof Magnetic with Stereo Bass, 12 Hours Play Time,Noise Cancelling Sweatproof Sport In-Ear Earphones for Runnning Workout Gym
Bluetooth Headphones 5.0 Wireless Earbuds IPX6 Waterproof Magnetic with Stereo Bass, 12 Hours…
4.9 out of 5 stars 125
$25.99 
Bluetooth Headphones Magnetic Waterproof Sport Wireless Earbuds, Superior HiFi Bass Stereo with Mic Headphones, Ultra Comfort in Ear Noise Cancelling Earbuds
Bluetooth Headphones Magnetic Waterproof Sport Wireless Earbuds, Superior HiFi Bass…
4.2 out of 5 stars 7
$29.99 

Ad feedback 
Pages with related products. See and discover other items: Best Wireless Workout Headphones, Running Workout Headphones, Workout Wireless Headphones
Back to top
Get to Know Us
Careers
Blog
About Amazon
Press Center
Investor Relations
Amazon Devices
Amazon Tours
Make Money with Us
Sell on Amazon
Sell Under Private Brands
Sell on Amazon Handmade
Sell Your Services on Amazon
Sell on Amazon Business
Sell Your Apps on Amazon
Become an Affiliate
Advertise Your Products
Self-Publish with Us
›See More
Amazon Payment Products
Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards
Amazon.com Store Card
Amazon Business Card
Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line
Shop with Points
Credit Card Marketplace
Reload Your Balance
Amazon Currency Converter
Let Us Help You
Your Account
Your Orders
Shipping Rates & Policies
Amazon Prime
Returns & Replacements
Manage Your Content and Devices
Amazon Assistant
Help
English  United States
Amazon Music
Stream millions
of songs		Amazon Advertising
Find, attract, and
engage customers		Amazon Drive
Cloud storage
from Amazon		6pm
Score deals
on fashion brands		AbeBooks
Books, art
& collectibles		ACX 
Audiobook Publishing
Made Easy		Alexa
Actionable Analytics
for the Web
 
Sell on Amazon
Start a Selling Account		Amazon Business
Everything For
Your Business		AmazonFresh
Groceries & More
Right To Your Door		AmazonGlobal
Ship Orders
Internationally		Home Services
Handpicked Pros
Happiness Guarantee		Amazon Inspire
Digital Educational
Resources		Amazon Rapids
Fun stories for
kids on the go
 
Amazon Web Services
Scalable Cloud
Computing Services		Audible
Listen to Books & Original
Audio Performances		Book Depository
Books With Free
Delivery Worldwide		Box Office Mojo
Find Movie
Box Office Data		ComiXology
Thousands of
Digital Comics		CreateSpace
Indie Print Publishing
Made Easy		DPReview
Digital
Photography
 
East Dane
Designer Men's
Fashion		Fabric
Sewing, Quilting
& Knitting		Goodreads
Book reviews
& recommendations		IMDb
Movies, TV
& Celebrities		IMDbPro
Get Info Entertainment
Professionals Need		Kindle Direct Publishing
Indie Digital Publishing
Made Easy		Prime Now
FREE 2-hour Delivery
on Everyday Items
 
Amazon Photos
Unlimited Photo Storage
Free With Prime		Prime Video Direct
Video Distribution
Made Easy		Shopbop
Designer
Fashion Brands		Amazon Warehouse
Great Deals on
Quality Used Products		Whole Foods Market
America’s Healthiest
Grocery Store		Woot!
Deals and 
Shenanigans		Zappos
Shoes &
Clothing
 
Ring
Smart Home
Security Systems		eero WiFi
Stream 4K Video
in Every Room		Neighbors App 
Real-Time Crime
& Safety Alerts		Subscribe with Amazon
Discover & try
subscription services		PillPack
Pharmacy Simplified		Amazon Renewed
Like-new products
you can trust		Amazon Second Chance
Pass it on, trade it in,
give it a second life
Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2019, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates

